# Programming-I --- University Studies - Computer Engineering
This repository contains some of my programming exercises that I've been working on my first university year. We used the code language C in our projects. Reminder: this is just a studying material!

**List of exercises **

1) A company wants to increase its prices by 20%. Make an algorithm that reads the code and cost price of
each product and calculate the new price. Calculate also the average prices with and without increase. Show the
code and the new price of each product and, in the end, the averages. The data entry must end when it is
read a negative product code.

2) Build a program that reads an n number and prints n lines in the following format (n = 6, in the example):
_ * * * * *
* _ * * * *
* * _ * * *
* * * _ * *
* * * * _ *
* * * * * _

3) Write an algorithm that reads an array M (5x5). Then calculate and print the sums:
• from M line 4
• of M column 2
• of the main diagonal
• of the secondary diagonal

4) Write a program that reads the first 6 numbers generated by the lottery on Saturday night on TV and then reads
the 6 numbers played by a bettor. Then the program compares how many numbers the player hit. In
then it allocates space for a vector of equal size to the correct numbers and holds the
numbers in this vector. Finally, the program displays the numbers drawn (6 numbers) and the numbers
That the bookie hit.

5)  Make a program that stores the information of 11 players on a football team. Each player is
identified by your shirt number, weight, height and initial of your name. The program should read
all information and print at the end the complete list of players with all the information read, the initial
of the lowest player and the number of the heaviest.

6) Make a program to register the vehicles of a company. Can be registered no more than 100
vehicles and the information to be stored are as follows: driver’s name, vehicle license plate and colour of the
vehicle. Also store the shift that vehicles are stored as being m (morning), t (afternoon), n (night)
and i (full day). Inform at the end the complete list of registered vehicles with all the information that is
registered. Use procedures to read and write the data.
